[Draft] Updating "Run UDFs" section with `fused.submit()` & removing `PoolRunner` mention (#406)
fusedio/fused-docs: docs/core-concepts/run-udfs/run.mdx

In a notebook `runner.get_result_all()` prints the progress status over time until the job is done:

![Pool Runner](/img/core-concepts/run-udfs/poolrunner-get_results_all.png) */}

### Getting "real-time" results

> A few seconds after, once all our jobs are run we can get our results as a `gpd.GeoDataFrame`, using the same example as above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A few seconds after, once all our jobs are run we can get our results as a DataFrame, using the same example as above:
```

for this simple example it is actually pd.DataFrame since there is no spatial data in it, so maybe just generic "DataFrame"

Author: Good point, updated
